does that mean you want to break up?
the boy was searching for the lost key.
it is an act of folly.
it really hit the spot.
there's a foul smell in the kitchen.
the prime minister's remark sparked the opposition movement.
he dwells in the country.
he seems to be rich.
i'd like to take that out, please.
he objects to being treated like a child.
i can't get by on such a small income.
i had the gardener plant some trees.
on new year's day many japanese go to the shrine to worship.
are you positive of that report?
the bill amounted to 100 dollars.
she can't ride a bicycle.
he asked me to keep him company on the weekends.
she spends as much money as she earns.
they have few earthquakes in england.
i'm not sure about that. it depends.
he stressed the convenient aspects of city life.
she knows now that he is not to be counted on.
take it easy!
he is proud of being a british subject.
he is now glad, now sad at the progress of the game.
please give me something to eat. i am so hungry.
two roundtrip tickets to osaka, please.
it is about the size of an egg.
have you bought a watermelon?
she has no one to wait upon her.
he can't get on in the world.
i can't do it--not that a stronger person couldn't.
the englishman likes doing better than talking.
it was just a joke.
he lives in a house built in a semi foreign style.
i was disappointed at the results.
my sister took care of the dog while i was away.
please pick up the pen from the floor.
he is not such a fool as not to know it.
the meeting was put off till further notice.
i'm tickled pink about winning 10,000 yen at the horse races.
what's the nationality of that cameraman over there?
he did very good work allowing for his youth.
the news of her victory will break in the evening paper.
i don't know what to do.
the new shoes pinch my feet.
why do you study so hard?
the sky is clear.
it was careless of you to leave your umbrella in the taxi.
i hear tell you're going to get married.
the crowd got out of control and broke through the fence.
the bullet found its mark.
i have to write a letter.
i myself saw it.
i'm saving money for my old age.
he hadn't prepared for the test; still he passed it.
there is no doubt that his sons are good boys.
he aspired to the position of prime minister.
he went to see her the other day.
he has not come yet. something may have happened to him.
the statue was cast in bronze.
he paid 1,000 yen for this book.
what do you say to going for a drive now?
when did the japanese start eating polished rice?
as far as i'm concerned the topic is worth discussing.
we are apt to watch tv, irrespective of what program is on.
would you kindly quote your best price?
as to your final grade, that depends on your final examination.
let's have a gander at this insolent man.
two years later, the singer came back.
you don't have to come up with an unusual topic for your speech.
the dog went away.
it tastes very good.
our teacher permitted us to use a dictionary during the test.
you needn't have brought your umbrella.
be sure to come here by the appointed time.
our plane is flying toward the south.
he lost his temper and threw a cup.
this problem is not so difficult as it seems.
people are apt to take it for granted that the professor can speak english.
i got tired of lying in bed all day.
the answers are all right.
he climbed the tree without difficulty.
i can't tell if the party will return tomorrow.
my father has gone out to buy postcard.
i quickened my steps to catch up with her.
all you have to do is push this button to take a picture.
he teaches arts and crafts in a school.
japanese children brought up overseas sometimes face great difficulty in adjusting themselves to japanese schools after returning, even though they have a perfect command of japanese.
she lowered her voice.
i studied last night.
each of these students has his or her own opinion.
all those flowers look alike.
my car won't start.
i felt like crying at the news.
first we have international english, which will probably become simpler than "standard."
he owed his success to both ability and industry.
he learned the poem by heart.
the fire burned brightly, giving forth a comforting warmth.
my father spends a lot of time on his hobby.
he makes little of our efforts.
war broke out when the treaty was ignored.
don't forget your ice skates.
i have a large body of information in my computer database.
let's drink the cup of tea here.
i should follow my nose.
i don't understand german at all.
this bus will take you around the city.
we will have a math quiz tomorrow.
three big men attacked him and stole his money.
he saved his friend at the risk of his own life.
he closed his eyes.
the faster we rub our hands together, the warmer they get.
the burglar broke into the post office in broad daylight.
is your sister swimming in the river?
the best way to master a foreign language is to go to the country where it is spoken.
the news of the accident caused public alarm.
the river is deep here.
do you have a recent photo of yourself?
i heard my name called in the crowd.
the young engineer was deficient in experience.
what do you say to taking a walk by the seaside?
i like skating better.
i dashed off the report.
you are free to go or stay.
he will fall ill sooner or later.
i had not waited long before she turned up.
some say the beauty is more important than virtue.
they expect some cooperation of you.
you are treading on her corns.
they spread the rumor abroad.
not all policemen are brave.
the game made him excited.
if you do that, it will only bring about a contrary effect.
excuse me for interrupting you.
my mother was no less angry with me than my father.
they always associated a heavy rain with flood.
i remember seeing her once on the street.
she didn't notice one of her buttons unfastened.
he is sure to win the game.
i caught sight of the boy escaping from the classroom.
in this harsh, petty world where money does the talking, his way of life is like a breath of fresh air.
will you permit us to leave now?
it is the correct approach to modern ski technique.
a passport is something you cannot do without when you go to a foreign country.
he is guilty of stealing.
i'll stay home.
i'll give this book to whoever wants it.
he speaks with a lisp.
you're pretty late to have just gone shopping. have you been making out someplace?
we must cling to our faith.
we took turns driving on the way to osaka.
in most cases, his answers are right.
boys often imitate their sports heroes.
i am to examine the papers once more.
if you were to quit your job, what would you do?
until recently, the main function of women was to marry and give birth to children.
the committee meets today at four.
not seeing anything in the dark, we couldn't move.
we have had lots of typhoons this fall.
either you or i am in the wrong.
the sky above was a deep blue.
the time and date suited our coach.
i couldn't control my tears.
the stadium is accessible by bus.
i would be grateful for your approval of this request.
did you pay for those shoes?
to kiss her is one thing, and to love is another.
there was no doctor who could cure her illness.
i am thrilled with my new home.
it is the border-line cases that are always in danger: the dignified buildings of the past which may possess no real artistic or historic value, but which people have become sentimentally attached to and have grown to love.
she turned down his proposal.
do you sometimes go abroad on your holidays?
you have to come with me.
please pick me up by car in front of the hotel.
i am not feeling quite up to par.
wool takes a dye well.
the bible sells more than one million copies every year.
i would not part with that picture for all the world.
this pole is sharp at the end.
jack's car is a recent model.
she is as beautiful as her mother is.
could you please help me?
mary took her beauty sleep before the big party.
jim was afraid of physical labor.
i drew a circle with compasses.
there was no one left but me.
my plane leaves at six o'clock.
however hard i tried, i could not solve the problem.
he bought a new car.
he stared at me and said nothing.
who loves not women, wine and song remains a fool his whole life long.
he flapped the flies away.
i managed to make him understand it.
babies are interesting to watch.
everything was allowed: you could kick, trip, hit, or bite your opponent.
i must pay a visit to the doctor tomorrow.
please explain how to get there.
cows are sacred to hindus.
i paid him 20000 yen on account.
my father was lying down while watching tv.
i saw some poor cats kicked out.
the workers asked for an increase in pay.
i found them lying on the artificial grass.
it has a big whirlpool and a strong current.
please take another one.
she was a track star once.
the letter was correctly addressed.
his ambition is to be a lawyer.
his patience was worn out by all these troubles and anxieties.
this beer mug holds one pint.
we lived from hand to mouth in those days.
a thief broke in and made off with all my jewelry.
the traffic jam lasted one hour.
not only jim but his parents are sick.
he was reading a paper upside down.
i cannot bring myself to do such a thing.
why do i feel this way?
don't be late for work.
remember to mail this letter.
he was unaware of the enormity of the offense.
this room looks like a pigsty.
i'm game for it.
i'm at my wits' end.
he is nothing but a poet.
you should on no account cheat in the exam.
who is looking up into the sky?
you are telling it second hand, aren't you?
it is wrong to steal.
i have little money.
you should not do such a thing.
you have only to ask for it and it will be given to you.
what with overwork and lack of nourishment, he became very ill.
the boy reading a book is john.
take the first street to the right.
do i need to transfer?
i don't care for coffee.
i want you to work harder.
when he got into trouble, he turned to his parents for help.
my body is not so flexible as it used to be.
the dancers really came to life during the latin numbers.
when the articles of incorporation are complete it is essential to go to the notary public's office to undertake certification of the articles drawn up.
my arm is hurting badly.
if you engage in espionage for a foreign power, you are selling your country down the river.
he is by far the best player on the team.
that word dropped from his mouth.
the end justifies the means.
tennis began in france in the thirteenth century.
i asked her to wait a minute.
the strikers called off the strike of their own accord.
the wind drifted the snow.
my hobby is to collect old toys.
the ice is so thin that it won't bear your weight.
don't mention our plan to anybody.
i went to kennedy airport to see my friend off.
the delinquents knocked him down and stole his wallet.
the sun is about to set.
giving such large contributions to charities made him feel that he had a feather in his cap.
i live my life for the sake of myself.
when i was young, i was living from hand to mouth.
what did you think when you actually met me for the first time?
we pigged out on pizza and beer.
if wisely used, money can do much.
try to lose weight by jogging.
the examination is drawing nearer.
there are lots of things for us to think about.
i fear we are too late.
he could not go out because of the heavy rain.
it took all night to climb mt fuji.
he's getting on well in his new business.
i found that i had left my umbrella behind in the classroom.
i was mildly disappointed.
she wanted to live a more relaxing life.
you have to go over this project carefully.
she wore a pretty hat.
hurry along or you'll be late.
he's not much as a singer.
she's very handy with a saw.
a shower has laid the dust.
i'd like to make a reservation.
the singer's voice melts your heart.
i'd like to go to the zoo.
hearing his voice, i turned around.
don't interfere with tom while he is reading.
he made a joke about it.
tightly-knit carpets are generally more valuable.
it is strange that he should say so.
this is a kind of love letter.
the priest blessed us.
he told his son an interesting story.
cookie likes adventure stories.
he is a good listener but a poor speaker.
the general commanded him to report to headquarters.
but more often than not, we came back empty-handed.
he is mixed up with something shabby.
she had good reason to file for a divorce.
there is a yard of cloth.
i want the same watch as my sister has.
she was surprised to hear the news.
he could not perceive any difference between the twins.
she is by no means stupid.
those children always get into trouble with their parents.
he made an admirable speech about protecting the environment.
he was an amiable fellow, but had a certain reserve that he would not let you casually trespass upon.
the principal made a rule for the purpose of giving a good school life to the students.
the store is closed until further notice.
i'm very glad to see you again.
since he's crazy about movies, he watches as many movies as he can.
mom didn't look calm enough.
first of all, we have to finish the homework.
he worked for a rich man.
we have nothing to complain of.
there are many modern buildings around here.
there was a crowd of students waiting in front of the library.
i like french food very much.
he gave me chapter and verse on how bears pass the winter.
we request this address.
the university was alive with a festival.
he was hard up for money and lifted goods in a supermarket yesterday.
an analysis of the nature of the heat island phenomenon and countermeasures.
i am looking forward to receiving your favorable answer.
are you correct?
where did you pick up those old coins?
they listened to the lecture very attentively.
"whose books are these?" "they are alice's."
they debated closing the school.
you might not believe what i'm about to tell you, so don't be surprised.
is it possible that you're wrong?
he has lost interest in politics.
i suspect that there was an oversight in the examination.
"with no picks how did you break in?" "the toilet window was open."
i bade the boy go out.
please call this lady a taxi.
i usually gas up the car at this service station.
he just loves to bully people.
the middle-aged women kept talking loudly all the way.
i have mucous in my stool.
we are better off than we used to be.
he called for another glass of beer.
we often come across japanese tourists in this area.
i'd like to attend the party.
i have an idea.
what would you like to eat?
i didn't know that woman at all.
the wind gradually died down.
he sold his business and retired.
i got control of the works.
when mary saw him, a look of surprise spread across her face.
he sits up till late at night.
will you please order a copy of the book from the publisher?
his uncle went to europe on business a week ago and he is now either in london or in paris.
were the earth to stop revolving, what do you suppose would happen?
this smell disgusts me.
a bat is no more a bird than a rat is.
he is better off now than he was five years ago.
how did she ever pass the test?
the plane was approaching london.
it seems to me that something is wrong.
my hair has grown out.
he worked day and night so that his family could live in comfort.
the bus was two minutes early.
that man is perry mason, the lawyer.
they fled the town after the earthquake.
he didn't reply to my letter.
give me these 8 crimson apples please.
a good idea presented itself.
they dared not look me in the face.
you must face the facts.
he studied hard with the intention of passing the examination.
most children love ice cream.
mail for you will be held until you call for it.
she fell into a deep sleep.
i found my car missing.
a clock stopped.
i fixed the car yesterday.
my house was robbed while i was away.
her bewitching body made her very popular with men.
press this button to start the machine.
as well be hanged for a sheep as a lamb.
the villagers regarded the stranger as their enemy.
the boy was taken away from school by his parents.
may i introduce myself?
never trust a stranger.
the store is open from nine to six.
we aren't instilling enough of a volunteer spirit in our young people these days.
the birth rate has been decreasing recently.
may i take your size, madam?
if you eat too much, you will get fat.
how kind you are!
how far is it from here to your school?
our father used to read us happy stories when we were small.
he said he would lend me some money, and he was as good as his word.
that tribe worships its ancestors.
her very frowns are fairer far than smiles of other maidens are.
the grass looks nice.
whoever wants it may take it.
shanghai is among the largest cities in the world.
the new museum is worth visiting.
you should not miss the opportunity to see it.
you'll have to ask someone else.
he was famous during his long life and his work was very popular.
i forgot to lock the drawer.
he believed the merchant entirely.
the cost amounted to five thousand yen.
he may well respect the artist.
our train leaves at eight-thirty.
do you have any soft drinks?
she called me up, as i had expected.
our company has annual sales of a thousand million yen.
you need not prepare a formal speech.
defend her from danger.
tom is liked by his friends.
she played an important part in this project.
several races live together in america.
please give me a glass of milk.
there are few of us but admire his courage.
chemical companies are waiting until everything dies down before reinvesting.
she had, i thought, no right to do that.
i wish we had more time.
at your age, you ought to know better.
wash your hands before meals.
a fire broke out nearby.
they forced me to sing a song.
i want a full report though.
he made a speech highly appropriate to the occasion.
he delayed answering the letter.
i felt a drop of rain on my head.
this book is mine.
"you ok?" "wha-... yes, it's nothing."
his remarks came home to me.
how are you getting along?
this information checks out all right.
let's pool our money and travel as a group.
what are the measurements of the shelf?
the mother of that child is an announcer.
do you enjoy plays, films, and such?
to what extent was the report true?
we rowed up the river against the current.
i'd like some more bread, please.
he could not bear to think of his dog being sold to that cruel man.
i don't want to be laughed at.
yuko started the race very quickly.
those four words carried not only a lot of complex information, but also the persuasive force of a proverb.
the shop is across from the bank.
i called at his office yesterday.
it sounds pretty good.
i thought as much.
nobody ever comes to see us in this out-of-the-way village.
he stretched out his arm to take the book.
my wife will be glad to see you, too.
i took neither breakfast nor lunch.
robert tends to talk big.
he is your lover.
you will soon accommodate yourself new ways of living.
come on in and make yourself at home.
generally speaking, the englishman is not curious about others.
shall we start?
i have been to europe twice.
she recovered her senses.
he'll catch up with us in an hour.
this lady is masagokan's landlady, yoko someha.
i do not like to make mistakes.
i read a few books last week.
he makes out that he has a right to say so.
what you need to take part in business management is the team spirit to work with many colleagues.
we got dead drunk.
not having a telephone is an inconvenience.
i'll be hanged if it's true.
you run very fast.
please drop in when you come this way.
they sell meat at that store.
the mountain is covered with snow.
nothing gave her greater pleasure than to watch her son growing up.
we thought their shop was a failure, but now they've gotten out from under and even expanded.
heat turns water into steam.
i can't see the stage well from this seat.
he was in the process of making a final decision.
we have just a tiny bit of garden.
how late are you open?
they mutually discussed the future.
they take their meals at the hotel.
they asked kate to baby-sit for their child.
i heard my name called from behind me.
every nation has its peculiar character.
he declined in health.
do your best.
he is in trouble now.
we hardly have time to eat breakfast.
he tried to argue the matter away.
he persisted in his project.
car? ah, if you mean that limousine, - i chartered it.
the family assimilated quickly into their new environment.
as for the air, there is always some moisture in the atmosphere, but when the amount increases a great deal, it affects the light waves.
i often look back at my younger years.
it is said that he is still alive.
you must provide for a rainy day.
man can't live without dreams.
how about walking to the top of the hill?
the article deserves careful study.
when the girl entered the room, some boys made fun of her because of her little hat.
money is the root of all evil.
she can't cook well.
may i see your boarding pass, please?
i'm counting the number of people.
but now, nothing is left for me.
the wicked witch cast an evil spell on the man and turned him into an insect.
he cannot be older than i.
this flower has a scent all its own.
she has been sick since last wednesday.
carry on with your plan.
it's a good job, as far as the pay goes.
she's giving herself up to love.
his pride was slightly touched.
these pants are too fancy for me.
i cannot guess at all what is going on with him.
he lay on the mat at full length.
our holiday plans are still in the air.
i have high blood pressure.
he looked into historical documents to solve the mystery.
she looked sadly at me.
this meat cuts easily.
we lost sight of the ufo right away.
she served us a good meal.
you are welcome to the use of my yacht.
the mother may well be proud of her bright son.
that is another matter.
we are traveling on a tight budget.
my boss says one thing and means another.
i am on holiday this week.
this is a doghouse of my own making.
burglars broke into his house.
i found it truly regrettable that he should take offence.
i have gotten him into trouble.
my mother worked hard in order to rear us.
he has few friends here except you.
his brave deed earned him respect.
he looked tired then.
there is a small pond here.
i hope you will answer soon.
she's neither rich nor famous.
i will be your guarantor.
i read a womanly expression on her face.
he still wants to come.
mother, having thought about it carefully, i don't feel i should marry him.
he will be wondering what we are doing.
there is no knowing what he will do next.
little money will come from this business.
why do you study every day?
the older we become, the worse our memory gets.
mr jones believes in hard work and profits.
saturday is the day when he is free.
how did you get to know him?
i cannot help thinking so.
she came out of there.
my daughter's slowness to take action is a pain.
he always wants to have his own way.
he was robbed of all his money.
the fields lay covered with deep snow.
food packaging reduces spoilage.
it is wrong to tell a lie.
thousands of people died during the plague.
i seldom go to a library.
aomori is famous for its good apples.
can you skate?
there is no telling how long their quarrel will last.
i think most people are better off now than they used to be.
i didn't enjoy every minute of the party.
if i had enough money, i could buy this camera.
i'll be glad to help him.
this sweater is made by hand.
i gave my sister a dictionary.
i'll reconsider the matter.
mr brown is jealous of his colleague's success.
how is your family?
i'd like you to quickly look over these documents.
what did she buy at the shop?
the word is out of fashion.
my sister did not say "hello".
he likes adventure.
he responded to a speech of welcome.
many wild animals are in peril of their lives.
his composition was free from mistakes.
i am friends with her.
all the pupils in the class like miss smith.
it is one thing to make a plan and quite another to carry it out.
he seems not to have known it.
please wish me luck.
i flew on a tokyo-bound plane.
"hello, people of the world!"
our tastes in art agree.
it was not until a few days later that we heard the sad news.
he was engaged in making a telescope.
gathering information is one of the essentials of travel.
love blinded him to her faults.
ken's turn came.
where can i get a taxi?
i passed the second level of the japanese language examination.
the child had no overcoat on although it was very cold.
that's a piece of pie.
our teacher was a beautiful lady, but was not the type of person who dressed up.
only a handful of people know the fact.
it is essential to reserve your seat in advance.
their communication may be much more complex than we thought.
there are sufficient grounds for believing he is honest.
summer vacation is near at hand.
the boy got scolded.
this article is high quality.
do you study english?
i am afraid i ate something bad.
would you like something to drink?
that he is a man of character cannot be denied.
for god sent not his son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.
the light went on.
my father couldn't afford a car, when he was young.
nobody knows where bill has gone.
you'll be there in plenty of time.
the island is covered with ice and snow during the winter.
the settlers subsisted on bread and water.
one billion people speak english.
i'll let you know later.
water is important for humans.
i will go to hokkaido tomorrow.
unfortunately the poet died in his youth.
he got the ball.
you must remember the fact that you owe her a lot.
bad weather forced us to call off the picnic.
illness made him give up his studies.
the slugger was easily put out.
all the students are fed up with his lecture.
can you account for your absence last friday?
i feel more comfortable behind the wheel.
peace will come to us in time.
she swept the dirt from the porch.
policemen work at the risk of their own lives.
i had to go to my office by bus because my car had engine trouble.
she showed her courage in the face of danger.
a good neighbour is better than a brother far off.
i cannot agree with you on the matter.
i owe mary some money and must pay her back by next monday.
a man of sense wouldn't speak to you like that.
he taught his dog some clever tricks.
indeed you know a lot of things, but you're not good at teaching them.
he hates nancy.
the boat was swallowed up in the fog.
fashions of thirty years ago have come back in style.
it's just a trick of the wind.
but what will you do if he doesn't come?
he has a lot of ideas about running foreign workers.
i caught the flu.
it revived with even greater vigor.
i would like to make a phone call.
i don't want to be left holding the bag.
we admit that he is a man of ability.
the reformed labour standards act will be in force from jan 1st 2004.
we are encouraged to use our imagination.
credit cards are useful but dangerous.
it's enough for five days.
in 1943, japan was at war.
the child took her mother's hand.
he will be here all evening.
ken kept on singing that song.
don't judge by appearances.
he did not stop his car at the red light.
why did you leave out the first question in the exam?
the workers united to demand higher wages.
the higher you climb, the colder it becomes.
he understands everything right on the spot.
he is always ready to find fault with other people.
he didn't mean to hurt you.
my uncle will have been in new york for two years next month.
she has international renown as a painter.
drive with the utmost care.
here is a present for your birthday.
the doctors thought he was dead, but today he is still alive and healthy, and has a job and a family.
thank you for all your help the other day.
that charity is named after a person who donated about two billion yen.
ben, if anything, is a sensible man.
the majority of the committee were against the plan.
who is this letter from?
grandmother sent us a box of apples.
you can stay with us for the night.
we heard him come downstairs.
i had a narrow escape.
i can take care of yours truly.
i have a great deal to do today.
even your faults do not lessen my respect for you, and in friendship this is what counts.
there are buttons on the coat.
i'm about to leave.
i heard someone whistle.
where can i buy a ticket?
don't let the cat out of the bag.
a conservative tie is preferable to a loud one for a job interview.
you will soon get used to the climate here.
don't distract me from studying.
the boats on the lake make a beautiful scene.
i could hardly believe my ears when i heard the news.
i've never associated you with this place.
i worked hand in hand with him.
i have to commute all the way from a distant suburb.
there was no choice but to sit and wait.
look out for pickpockets on crowded trains.
i must renew my passport.
japan is highly competitive in high technology industries.
he is rather hard to get along with.
life lies in front of you.
here comes the train.
my father made me wash the car.
my mother is dead too.
would you be kind enough to write?
i'm very grateful for your help.
shall i get you a chair?
i saw a flock of birds flying aloft.
the prize money enabled me to go on a world cruise.
may this day be the happiest day in your life.
how soon does the concert begin?
the color of the shirt held fast.
this rope is 200 yen a meter.
the man wrote down the name for fear he should forget it.
her kindness gave me a lump in my throat.
i wish to spare him the trouble of going there.
dreams may be vivid and memorable.
the man passed by without so much as glancing at her.
he has no capacity to be a teacher.
my past self is another person.
mankind will succeed in making peaceful use of atomic energy.
he still writes to me from time to time.
he comes to meet me sometimes.
she bought a hoover at the supermarket.
it seems that she lives in the neighborhood of the school.
how shall we deal with this matter?
she smiled a charming smile.
i'm afraid i won't be able to make it for our luncheon appointment.
there are enough accidents without asking for one.
some people like coffee and others prefer tea.
he tried to give up smoking last year, but it was in vain.
your sister has a sense of beauty.
they are gathering nuts.
he gazed at the ceiling for a long time.
this is a good book for children to read.
their wedding will be tomorrow.
a girl should not sit with her legs crossed.
your conduct gave rise to another problem.
the old man was taken in by a salesman.
have you recovered from the shock?
we have come a long way.
he hasn't come yet.
he will never break his promise.
my father has five brothers and sisters.
i believe in christianity.
i noticed that she sat in the front row.
karen is angry with me.
we enjoyed ourselves at the picnic.
how fine it is today.
this symbol stands for strength and integrity.
the hunter followed the bear's tracks.
the president gave up the idea because it was not practical.
if you travel by shinkansen, it doesn't seem far from nagoya to tokyo.
i love watching soccer games.
present-day japan is going down the route to self destruction, isn't it?
i'd like to stay one more night. is that possible?
she seems to be nervous about her first class.
who do you think she lives with?
he had a book in his hand.
according to the paper, there was an earthquake in peru.
i am thinking of nothing but you.
i have been to america twice.
i am delighted to meet you.
he is said to be a good doctor.
i can't help but feel that when i come here, all my senses are sharper than usual.
mayuko wore a flower crown.
as is often the case with americans, he does not care for raw fish.
i was born in kyoto.
the dress suits you very well.
in england they have much rain at this time of the year.
how do you like your new class?
state police spokeswoman janet welp says the truck wound up crashing into a bridge railing along interstate 30.
she dived into the swimming pool.
he sat at the edge of the stream.
i felt tired from having worked for hours.
you must get rid of that bad habit.
don't be afraid to ask questions.
in american money, a "quarter" is 25 cents; 4 quarters make a dollar.
the boy is kind.
i vowed that i would never speak to her again.
it looks as if it's going to rain.
may i accompany you to the airport?
why are you angry with him?
hello, is the accountant there, please?
he directed his remarks at the professor.
god never forgets even a small kindness.
her face was the color of chalk.
americans on the whole are a talkative people.
the morning rush is at its peak now.
she gave some food to the poor family.
i hear he is to go abroad for study as soon as he graduates from school.
you've been very helpful.
our house adjoins his.
he is very blunt in his manner.
i am not concerned with this matter.
yes, two.
we took his success for granted.
this car is going 60km an hour.
what season do you like the best?
what do you want to do in the future?
have you ever found a four-leaf clover?
don't overdo it.
she had her baggage carried to the airport.
i'm looking for a gift for my friend.
honey in the mouth and poison in the heart.
i used to go fishing in the river when i was a child.
the number of mistakes is ten at most.
he threw the letter into the fire.
i taught him how to swim.
they are much better than western baths.
what, you having bread again? i see you're still leading the same thrilling dietary life as ever.
there's somebody here who did it, isn't there?
because of a serious disease, he can't move his body as most people can.
we elected tom captain of the team.
external pressure grows ever more intense.
i ache all over.
they were leaving japan the next day.
this car has enough power to go up the mountain easily.
i'd like a room with a good view.
"how's your research coming along?" "not so bad."
his travels were wide and frequent.
the diet will meet on tuesday.
how about going to the movie tonight?
it will be to our mutual benefit to carry out the plan.
she values health above wealth.
that town looked prosperous.
the old man narrowly escaped being run over by a car.
i am in touch with him.
secret gifts are openly rewarded.
"i am happy," she said to herself.
they hated tom.
that tie looks good on you.
we will get to tokyo station at noon.
first of all, he went to the station.
keep out!
you'll get into trouble if your parents find out.
however, like america, japan is predominantly a middle-class, middle-income country, and so wives do not employ maids, but attend to everything themselves.
with his wife and children in the country, he was at loose ends for something to do.
they stood on the balcony to watch the festival in the street below.
the duty must be discharged by every one of you.
he always plans a thing out carefully before he does it.
i enjoyed swimming.
how many pieces of carry-on are you going to take?
you need to work very hard.
he failed in his business in spite of his efforts.
the law is useless if it's too watered down.
we went to a restaurant.
she rarely, if ever, goes out of town.
he suffered from a bad cold.
you often hear people compare life to voyage, don't you?
can't you sit the story out for a while?
i'm going to meet him tomorrow.
he left japan on a fine day.
death is the antithesis of life.
no sooner had it stopped raining than a beautiful rainbow appeared.
it was not long before mr yamazaki recovered.
he came to new york in order to look for a job.
tom always leaves his bicycle dirty.
everything hangs on his answer.
he has a loud voice.
please bear with me until i finish the story.
he was forced to buy stocks.
bring me the newspaper.
they are my friends.
i don't feel like working today.
she became an actress.
he rose from his seat.
it is both good and cheap.
you can't speak french, can you?
susan shined her father's shoes.
may i have a glass of water?
the men on board were surprised to see five men on the island.
boxing has been defined as the art of hitting without being hit.
let's start after he comes home.
the day turned fine after all.
my boss made me work last sunday.
it is no use asking me for money.
the vigorous man is engaged in diverse activities.
the child counted ten.
we aided him in his business.
he is good for nothing.
'the child is father to the man' is certainly well said.
because he didn't want to lose face, he refused my offer to help him.
she congratulated me on my success.
translate the passage word for word.
let's take a short cut.
he attributed his success to hard work.
he was burning the candle at both ends.
man is a social animal.
i will keep it in my bosom.
he retired on account of poor health.
don't stand in other people's way.
the deep snow prevented the party from getting to the hut.
we have to buy them from abroad.
it is worthwhile to read this book.
so the little boy put his hands in his pockets.
in those days it was far from easy to come by a good job.
he devoted himself to the study of chemistry.
don't expose it to the rain.
excuse me. who are you?
the pianist is endowed with extraordinary talent.
i want to go wherever you're going.
you are the last person i expected to see here.
the cold was the worst in fifty years.
he rushed into the room with his coat on.
the busiest men find the most time.
if i send it by air mail, how much will it cost?
if you tell too many lies, people won't ever believe your words.
the next morning found him dead in his bathroom.
they were satisfied with the result.
the evidence is clear.
the judge sentenced him to a fine.
if it hadn't been for the storm, we would have been in time.
the police is always watching the movements of the group.
he lived a moral life.
the punishment should be in proportion to the crime.
he was excited to see the beautiful scenery.
let's dine out tonight. i'm too tired to cook.
my husband got the hots for a canadian and is threatening me with divorce.
the news made her happy.
i have an appointment with my uncle tomorrow.
there are many factors behind the quarrel between them.
the summit of the mountain is covered with snow.
he dropped in on me.
we cannot tell what may happen in future.
peter loves jane.
it is certain that he is wrong.
this is a salmon that came up the river.
who made this cake?
is laughter a quality of man only?
there is little chance of his winning.
the entertainment expense was borne by our group.
it was careless of her to forget it.
i remember seeing her before.
this is the dictionary i use every day.
this damp match won't light.
love your parents as dearly as your parents love you.
he has a large house and two cars.
this curry is too hot.
he is giving me a hard time.
the outside of the castle was painted white.
she blacked out on seeing the scene of the accident.
no matter how hard i practiced, i wasn't able to do the backstroke.
let me apologize once again for missing our meeting.
he will come back in another two weeks.
yes, by all means.
i had enough time, so i didn't need to hurry.
i accept the offer.
i became a member of the club in 1980.
the train already starts.
i had a premature baby.
i'm going to start.
reserve a seat in advance.
i have a lot of pictures.
he is angry with me.
did you hear about the fire yesterday?
my electric razor is on fire.
it's for my personal use.
i owe it to him that i can earn a good salary.
the accident bereaved her of her husband.
it is by no means an easy job.
have you ever heard that music played on the guitar?
every child objects to being treated like a baby.
yumi is happy, isn't she?
they are high school students.
he wore a robe over his pajamas.
at last, we reached california.
butter is made from milk.
his clothes are worn out.
he derives his income from writing books.
he distributed his land among his sons.
it was exceptionally cold last summer, and the rice crop was the worst in 10 years.
i admit to being careless.
he flew to chicago, where he happened to see a friend.
i forgot to buy the textbook.
it is said that he is a billionaire.
mr tanaka is a doctor, isn't he?
every student has access to the library.
the retail price index is a barometer of economic activity.
we are worn out, because we have been uniting all day.
his car has no wheels.
the blue dress suits her.
she pointed out my mistake.
this book is hard for me to read.
it's raining hard and yet i must go.
that's why i have such an extreme hatred for him.
he passes for a learned man in our community.
helen moody was noted as a tennis player for not showing any expression on the court.
how long is this?
he anticipated traveling abroad the next year.
she told me not to tell lies.
call me up whenever you need my help.
in my class i noticed a girl student who was particularly intent on studying chinese.
i think to clearly distinguish opinion from fact is important.
it rained yesterday after it had been dry for a long time.
the price includes postage charges.
did the police find any trace of the murderer?
reflect on advantages and disadvantages before you make up your mind.
how's business?
as to the source of this statement, i know nothing.
she gave me advice as well as information.
how is your job hunting going?
the most credible hypothesis is the one that limits the number of elements in the domain t.
it seems someone called on me in my absence.
the news made her very sad.
he dropped out when he was in the 7th grade.
it happened that i saw my teacher at the station.
i got the ok so i unthinkingly created the clichéd 'grass runner thief/bard' character.
he never goes out fishing without taking his son.
the machine is out of order.
he is in a rage to know.
the official was suspected of accepting bribes from the construction companies.
it is raining hard.
he has no interest in politics.
when was it finished?
let's try another approach to the matter.
how does the preface run?
that child fell into a profound sleep.
this ticket is available for a whole year.
i express my cordial thanks for what you have done for this city.
what do you call "yuri" in english?
what time is it now by your watch?
she is attractive.
judging from his appearance, he may be a soldier.
the castle was transformed into a marvelous museum.
something in his face really reminded me of an old boyfriend of mine.
thoughts are expressed by means of words.
the police demanded that i move my car.
he went to india by way of japan.
i'll take them to kate.
i was bewildered at the sight of his strange behavior.
i cannot put up with his idleness any longer.
i have two sons. one is in nara and the other in tsu.
the problems are easier than those i did yesterday.
since then, his faith has been severely shaken.
he failed in business, and to make matters worse, his wife fell ill.
free estimate for spanish translations (jp to s and s to jp).
the united nations will deal with that international problem.
she refused to do what they wanted.
the ship reached its destination in safety.
my father plays the piano and so does my mother.
we demanded that she should make up for the loss.
we paid a heavy price for this victory.
please don't bother about lunch because i'm not hungry.
the left fielder ran hard and caught the long fly.
i don't think she cares very much.
those two used to get along so well together but even with them you can sense a chill coming on.
the government promised to wipe out poverty.
whose turn is it next?
if your answer is correct, it follows that mine is wrong.
he cried off at the last moment.
many industrialists have expressed their concern about the economy.
his behavior won general applause.
i was just about to go out, when the bell rang.
i just hope nothing goes wrong this time.
i arrived here safely early this morning.
according to their opinions, that boy is very good.
this product brought us a large margin.
the tower is three hundred and twenty-one meters high.
you should put your coat on.
please refer to paragraph ten.
she takes after her father.
you shall have a reward.
i accepted his invitation.
what a beautiful sunrise it is!
the tourist information center gave a city map to whoever asked it.
she called out to us for help.
he carried on working from morning till night.
it was said that the lady had been an actress.
there is no use crying for help. no one will hear you.
please lend me your car.
she said that it might be true.
i kept gazing at her until she, totally confused, dropped her gaze.
she was sore at me for being late.
how long does it take to get to the stadium?
this is a precious chance to get sammy's autograph.
technological progress has made japan what she is.
have you handed in your homework?
as great a scientist as he is, he lacks common sense.
i saw a bellman coming along.
the police began to go into the murder case.
i feel like i'm just getting comfortable with my homemaking chores.
a long time ago, there was a young man.
i called at his house yesterday.
seeing that we have little time, we have to hurry.
japan's consumption of rice is decreasing.
what i looked up to in shota was not his 'strength'. it was his heroic courage to put his life on the line to carry out his convictions.
as soon as he finished eating, he began to walk again.
he is poor, but honest.
when talking about your last results, it is dependent on the last examination.
she complained of a headache.
he is displeased at her rude behavior.
the college was founded by mr smith.
you must be careful when crossing a busy street.
i think she is showing off her new dress to us.
none of us knew his decision to win the long-distance race.
instead, he worked a switch that controlled his computer.
no blame attaches to him for the accident.
i want to reach the hotel before it gets dark.
is she anybody?
we didn't have much fun.
he went out in spite of the rain.
how foolish i was not to discover that simple lie!
they moved to new york, but adapted easily to their new surroundings.
i was moved to tears by the tragic story.
her mother lives in the country all by herself.
it's on me.
the world today needs to advance its production of food.
they fear that he may be dead.
is there any good medicine?
he is raising a big stink over a minor glitch.
after using the knife, please be sure to put it back where it was.
the fox hid in the hollow tree.
he stepped aside for her to pass.
she had already gone to bed when i phoned her at 11:00 p.m.
my mother was so tired that she went to bed early.
the police were unable to cope with such violence.
the damage from the flood was negligible.
most people think that gorillas are stupid. is that true?
it will be cloudy tomorrow.
if i had had enough money, i would have bought the bag.
he prostrated himself and begged my pardon.
cultures of the east and the west are mixed in this country.
where did you get the idea?
i was affected by the summer heat.
i can't believe that he is that depressed.
my parents run a pension for skiers.
i kept the ball rolling by talking.
he grappled with his brother.
he looks old, but he is still in his twenties.
he is absorbed in his manga magazine.
the class was made up of 15 boys and as many girls.
it will be fine tomorrow.
i'd rather throw it away than give it to him.
would you mind calling him for me?
i feel like taking a rest.
you can swim, but i can't swim.
we are very grateful to those people.
he has no friends to talk with.
this bag cost me 6 pounds.
one good turn deserves another.
are they able to read these words?
spring is just around the corner.
i could hardly endure the pain.
she said to herself, "i am very happy."
let's play chess another time.
he is worthy of our praise.
he wants to be an engineer.
i asked the solicitor to make out my will.
he found a public telephone and called a taxi.
to do him justice, he did his best with his limited men and supplies.
they quarreled as to which was easier, french or german.
let me relieve you of that case.
he worked hard to support a large family.
drop me a line when you are in trouble.
to my great surprise, we won!
but he suddenly felt dizzy and he sat down again in his old chair.
she was a sight when she didn't wear makeup.
they laughed and cried at the same time.
you can use my car today.
this painting is worth a great deal of money.
when and how did the incident come about?
i was helped to do my homework by my sister.
the real war is much more horrible than this story.
that is your major problem.
human beings evolved their intelligence.
i met her a long time after graduation, and she had totally become a housewife.
this accident has nothing to do with me.
i have quite a little work to do this afternoon.
my uncle is staying in hong kong at present.
you are young. i, on the contrary, am very old.
the tower was easy of access.
we had an early lunch at school.
you cannot depend on his support for your project.
i cut myself with a knife.
great difficulties stand in the way of its achievement.
i went down to the sports office to sign up for the last position on the basketball team, but somebody else beat me to it.
don't be afraid of seeing the doctor.
he may have missed the bus.
he showed his disapproval by raising an eyebrow.
with an american father and a french mother, she is bilingual.
a boy came running toward me.
why don't you say it?
you're speaking a little too fast for me. would you speak a little more slowly?
would you please call him back later?
hold it, are you kidding me? why'd we wanna go to such a remote location?
it's no use your begging him for help.
critics are just crying wolf about protectionism.
it's worthwhile carrying out the idea.
he looks for all the world like his brother.
no land was to be seen anywhere.
rules are to be observed.
he was poisoned by the globefish he ate.
owing to the bad weather, the garden party was called off.
little did i think there would be a typhoon.
the judge sentenced him to a jail term of five years.
i'd like that beer, please.
your wrongdoing is a disgrace to our school.
she was only too glad to help us.
we cannot rule out the possibility of an accident.
she made many mistakes in typing the report.
she is looking for a large apartment.
because i live near the school, i come home for lunch.
open the window, please.
i heard a dog barking in the distance.
he came to the throne by succession.
that hut is crawling with lizards and insects.
fourth, my homeroom class in japan included students of a wide range of abilities.
have you seen any movies lately?
riding my bicycle, the boy ran into a big rock.
fish cannot live out of water.
ladies and gentlemen, please allow me to say a few words of welcome.
japan trades with many foreign countries.
you'll have bleeding for a few hours.
the flood did a lot of harm to the crops.
the actual price was lower than i had thought.
the traffic is heavy here.
whether it will rain or not, the game is going to be held.
did you have a good time?
his name has slipped my mind.
the area the center of which is here was bombed.
he noticed her embarrassment.
the soldiers headed for the frontier with caution.
please give me a call.
he achieved his aim at last.
finally, he gave into my persuasion.
it also has a strong flavour, and adds depth to chinese food such as soups and stir-fries.
the matter is of no importance.
i blush for your mistake.
my right leg was injured in that accident.
he couldn't help doing so in the face of opposition.
honesty will pay in the long run.
you helped mommy?
i've been on edge recently.
he is not of our number.
it was not until recently that she changed her mind.
more people came to the party than i had bargained for.
jane won't come to meet me any more.
don't you sleep well at night?
my job is taking care of the baby.
i saw a cottage in the distance.
come and see me whenever you like.
when i phone them nobody answers.
please pick me up at the airport at five.
george washington was the first president of the united states of america.
he lost a fortune in the stock market.
you may read whichever book you like.
we played chess not so much to enjoy the game as just to kill time.
i hope to marry her.
time runs on.
women are employed at a lower salary than men.
i tried to shut out the noise of the traffic, but it was of no avail.
she answered to the description of the missing woman.
you don't have to write out a clean copy of your composition.
i decided to study abroad.
he had a good time talking with her.
i don't know french, much less greek.
he made an apology to us for being late.
we must always consider the public interest.
i spent all my energy on that project.
where do you come from?
the ship went through the panama canal.
he paid the money on the spot.
i had my wallet stolen while i was asleep.
i hope this expense report contains all the relevant business expenses because i'm not paying a cent more after this.
the plane took off one hour behind time.
make sure that the complaints are dealt with as quickly as possible.
he is suffering from loss of memory.
he became a member of this club five years ago.
you're on the right track.
despite his riches, he's not contented.
japan is at peace with her neighbors.
he came down with the flu.
it was because he was injured that he decided to return to america.
stop, or i'll shoot.
can you make yourself understood in english?
birds were singing up in the tree.
his head was hurt by the fall.
he is a new addition to the teaching staff.
it is no use your holding me back.
you can't make an omelet without breaking eggs.
there is an apple under the desk.
tama sometimes goes for a walk by himself.
he is ashamed of his behavior.
to tell the truth, i have no money with me.
man is mortal.
would you put on the air conditioning?
a good citizen obeys the laws.
how old are your children?
we look up to him as our leader.
justice will prevail in the end.
the humor of his speech is derived from his peculiar local accent.
that movie is suitable for people of all ages.
i have been learning to drive.
the tower is going to collapse.
failing the examination means waiting for another year.
she married him.
which club do you belong to?
i'm late, aren't i?
he had a brainstorm when he invented that machine!
he is a man of his word, so if he said he'd help, he will.
he waited for his son with anxiety.
i have a book in my hand.
it is impudent of you to jest at him.
that makes you even more attractive.
i have to take these books back to the library.
i made my son see the doctor.
the farmers didn't know what to do.
don't make a scene in public.
she is a very correct lady.
it is absolutely necessary that you be at the meeting.
nothing is left so vividly in our mind as the impressions we received in our younger days.
he's out of town on business.
her face was not clear in the poor light.
they didn't obey their parents.
all he could do was resist laughing.
dare you ask him about the accident?
have you read today's paper yet?
i owe what i am to my friend.
she's old enough to know the truth.
it is rather difficult to assemble a watch.
he felt the lure of adventure.
he argued that nuclear weapons were a threat to peace.
father makes sure that all the lights are off before he goes to bed.
if there is already an account, there is a system by which you are able to send and receive email.
he looks tired.
the new school is of simple and modern construction.
you must be a good walker to have walked all the way.
his statement really cut me.
my grandmother was gradually becoming forgetful and frail.
i am not equal to the task.
i want italian dressing on my salad.
you are backing yourself into a bad emotional corner.
he was elected as chairman from among many candidates.
he was admitted without sitting for an examination.
the boy ran away when he saw me.
he could not bear to see the scene.
scarcely had she put on her makeup before he arrived.
she always wears fashionable clothes.
informed of their safety, the premier breathed a sigh of relief.
the chinese are a friendly people.
they live on the snow and ice of the poles and in tropical jungles.
the headlight doesn't work.
i hope this data will be useful to you.
after three drinks, the man passed out.
the boy found the big box contained nothing but old newspapers.
don't let me down.
it is true that he is over seventy.
i will continue with my efforts.
i am going to study.
what a beautiful garden they made!
the cheering ceased.
she decided to go shopping by herself.
he guided the man through the streets to the station.
it raises a red flag for businessmen.
you must set off at once.
wherever you say.
he is engaged to my sister.
it's no use on earth.
we'd better send for help.
her dream has come true.
she is always cheerful and smiling.
open your texts to page 50.
we will fight to the last.
i have a cold.
he will soon be past playing with toys.
he called it unfair.
the engine died.
are you sleeping, tom?
but it's almost half past eleven.
always have your dictionary near at hand.
what are you going to do over the weekend?
i love him none the less for his faults.
he was out of shape when he took a long hike with his sons, and he was stiff and sore the next day.
you should attend more to what your teacher says.
every one of us is more or less interested in art.
i was surprised at the news this morning.
if you are to make a success of writing, you have to work hard.
he was born poor, but died a millionaire.
he is getting better bit by bit.
in japan the ring shaped ones came into use first so they're also often called "contraceptive rings".
take care of the pence, and the pounds will take care of themselves.
he stated the importance of the education.
the blood test is normal.
i doubled up with a stranger that night.
he is an experienced teacher.
all the crew were saved.
these days many people use computers.
i caught a big fish yesterday.
they waved flags to welcome the princess.
i wish i were younger.
she is always complaining of one thing or another.
the minority party made a last-ditch effort to block passage of the bills.
they stayed married for the sake of their children.
there is much water left.
i went to the department store to do some shopping yesterday.
ken shared the room with his elder brother.
believe it or not, i went skydiving.
you had better not eat too much.
the starving man devoured the food.
i dislike being alone.
we delayed the meeting for a week.
i cannot, however, agree to your opinion.
japanese children watch television more than english children.
i feel indebted to you for your help during my illness.
he owned his success to both ability and industry.
it's not his place to tell me what to do.
the boy wants to become a newton.
the color ran when the dress was washed.
please stop beating around the bush and come straight to the point.
thanks to your help, we were successful.
the students never really get with it till just before the exam.
i'll lend you what little money i have on me.
don't keep company with such a man.
my mother is a psychology teacher.
the news gratified us.
you look as healthy as ever.
a beautiful object like that never loses its value.
he makes a fool of adults.
what kind of sandwich do you want?
my summer vacation is at an end.
japanese high school students go to school 35 weeks a year.
the ship was drifting at the mercy of the waves.
we lost out to our rival in price competition.
it seems that this time i'm the man behind the eight ball.
she got rattled by the stupid question.
the loaded desk groaned again.
i ordered this swimsuit from france.
watt & fulton bethought themselves that power must be availed of.
where can i buy tickets?
the climate of new zealand is similar to that of japan.
this bad practice will gradually die out.
i'd love to see the movie.
she loves the peace and quiet of the town.
can you do bookkeeping?
she was kicking up her heels with delight.
london, the capital of england, is on the thames.
he is no more foolish than you are.
the world economy is in recession now.
slip on your shoes.
his company is one of the best managed companies in japan.
change this dollar bill for ten dimes.
the problem is difficult to solve.
diligence is absent from his character.
at one time nigeria was a british colony.
i'm looking for an apartment to rent.
japan imports raw materials from china and exports finished products to it.
the doctor examined the patients.
please contact me by mail.
change your clothes.
where is the post office?
have you fed the dog yet?
while resting, he listens to music.
they want, above all things, to live in peace.
he is at home, but no one can see him.
i can not stand that kind of silly music.
he stood face to face with his enemy.
there is every sign of rain.
she leaned against his shoulder.
do you think his silence denotes guilt?
we have a lot of english books in the library.
it is hard to master it in a year or two.
he'd be crazy to climb the mountain in winter.
he pointed out that the former was inferior to the latter in some respects.
love and hate are opposite emotions.
well... my house isn't big enough.
please answer the phone.
modern art has broken away from nineteenth century conventions.
in order to fix this mistake we'll have to tear out this seam.
my neighbors provided food for me.
the gate is wide enough for the car to go through.
the outside of this box is green, but the inside is red.
i regret eating those oysters.
i'll stand by you whatever happens.
he waved me away.
we want to learn some japanese songs.
put on your good shoes.
keep your dog chained up to the tree.
don't touch me with your soapy hands.
i ran as fast as possible to catch up with him.
i'd like to have a caesarian operation.
it's natural for you to think so.
a novelty wears off in time.
he refused to notice me.
the important thing is you will talk with your teacher about it.
my pocket was picked.
we acted the story of columbus.
we selected the chairman by a vote.
the new birth policy is aimed at achieving zero population growth.
the gang knocked him down and robbed him of his watch.
susie's hair is very long.
will typhoon no. 12 hit the kyushu district?
i understand you're visiting from america.
it may snow in the afternoon.
the sculptor belongs to the renaissance school.
i don't know what he is like.
he made a great contribution to research into cancer.
i have no money with me.
i would define, in brief, the poetry of words as the rhythmical creation of beauty.
you have no right to say so.
he took the newspaper away from george.
let him use the telephone.
the maid was dead tired of her household chores.
do you happen to know a man by the name of brown?
he picked up the rifle and aimed it at the target.
i'd like a double with a bath.
she is quite pretty, but looks unhealthy.
she has faults, but i love her none the less.
i was forced to submit to my fate.
be quiet while i'm speaking.
she has a special way of making bread.
i took his attendance for granted.
i have an interest in oriental ceramics.
we organized a project team.
i can't understand this sign's meaning.
the enemy were driven out of the land.
her feeling for him was reciprocated.
illness prevented me from coming to school.
not only did they ignore the protest, they also lied to the press.
i already told you.
i paid only a trifle for the picture.
he went abroad two years ago.
we are worried about you.
on this point it is poles apart from when i set myself on learning english 20 years ago.
when he was here, he would swim in the morning.
the leaves are turning red.
this weed killer does not harm human beings.
i am familiar with the piano.
i run.
he runs very fast.
a strange thing happened last night.
he fetched some water from the well.
she knows her husband's psychology.
he realized his dream of becoming an artist.
she accused me of being a liar.
about one hundred people were killed in this accident.
he is really a perfect idiot.
our train went at 200 kilometers an hour.
that is no business of yours.
we believe in buddhism.
in the automotive industry of the 1970's, japan beat the u.s. at its own game.
two sheets were on the bed.
she was walking to and fro, lost in thought.
it is not necessary to be meticulous.
the story brought tears to her eyes.
i have to do my homework.
will you please make a specific statement?
how did you get to know that person?
we have been good friends for a long time.
the first item he bought was an alarm clock.
i didn't mean to sound so harsh.
it was not until yesterday that i knew her name.
i've got to earn my own living.
his office is convenient to the station.
there is a heavy tax on tobacco.
we enjoyed a grand view of the alps from the airplane.
it may rain, and then again, it may not.
i had to choose between a and b.
he contributed a lot of money to the charity.
my job is giving me a stomach-ache.
i remember the first time.
are you busy tomorrow afternoon?
he is no longer a child.
people needed a more practical system of exchange, so various money systems developed.
he aspires to become a teacher.
no animals are to be found on the island.
he has no knowledge, not to mention experience.
tell whoever comes that i'm out.
ponder deeply over it.
i told you not to talk about the matter in her presence.
could you convert this file into a windows 95 compatible file and re-send it?
his conduct disappointed many of his friends.
in japan beef has a high degree of marbled fat.
the picture looks strange because it has no perspective.
it behooves us to do our best.
she acted as if she knew nothing.
i wouldn't do it for the world.
america likes to claim that it is a "classless" society.
this seems expensive, but it's so durable it will pay in the long run.
he dropped in at the bookstore.
she has never gone abroad.
i have never heard from him since.
jane keeps early hours.
is it to go?
i have had a bad report this year.
what do you do before breakfast?
i glanced at the clock and knew what time it was.
is that as fast as you can go?
it has been snowing since this morning.
i caught on to what the teacher was explaining.
that child soon fell asleep.
how can i pick out fresh fish?
the ship is called "lost ship."
how come you didn't call me last night?
the natives collect and store rain-water to drink.
i like this apartment so much that i wouldn't move for the world.
you may as well go to bed at once.
i'm familiar with the way he asks questions.
everybody praised ken for his great courage.
a wonderful idea just ran through my mind.
she goes to school on foot.
he may well be proud of his daughter.
the alphabet consists of 26 letters.
i'm not familiar with this part of the subject.
efficiency is the dominant idea in business.
when hawking graduated from college in 1962, he began studying for a ph.d. in physics.
he got off at the next bus stop.
i'm sure he mistook me for my sister.
two boys are absent from school today.
i'm afraid your guess is off the mark.
the insulin was making her fat.
taro ito was found guilty.
what number bus do i take to get to waikiki?
you are accountable to me for his actions.
it is only natural that he should do well at school.
i hope the weather will clear up tomorrow.
the vase fell to the floor and shattered.
the condition of the patient is on the turn.
she was aching to go to the party.
i'm glad you could come. please make yourself at home.
this house has eleven rooms.
this guy is really wishy-washy. he couldn't make a decision to save his life.
it seems that the rainy season is over at last.
she guaranteed his debts.
it was in london that i last saw her.
this present was given to me by ann.
my mother bought some apples at a fruit store.
need he go right now?
my sister is very fond of children.
i might flunk the course.
we were surprised when we saw him in the office this morning.
please input your pin number.
the captain appealed to the referee against the decision.
you should try to be more polite.
granting that you are right, we still can't approve of your plan.
i couldn't attend the party on account of illness.
where are all the others?
last year's pop hit was set off by a serial tv drama.
don't walk so fast.
babies often fall down.
kuala lumpur is worth visiting.
lend me your dictionary, please.
he often writes to his parents.
she doesn't have any enemies.
i was traveling in japan.
we discussed our plans for the future.
since it was raining, we stayed at home.
jane was dressed as a man.
the fire burned up brightly.
my sister saw it with her own eyes.
with this you can make a clean sweep of leftover breakfast smells and such to make the air clean.
i have not seen him for a long time.
give me your money.
he acted like he owned the place.
we must appoint a new teacher soon.
many accidents happen every year.
it's necessary to discuss the problem without delay.
mr johnson is a lawyer. he will be having three clients this afternoon.
you can go out, as long as you promise to be back by 11 o'clock.
the service charge is extra.
i know they are in love with each other.
"how do you do, mr james?" "fine, thanks for asking. nice to meet you."
he stuck to his principle.
he deals in used cars.
where have you been all this time?
i work every other day: monday, wednesday, and friday.
scientists say many factors bring about changes in weather.
i saw the girl swimming in the river.
cornering him in an argument is easy - like taking candy from a baby.
it is not my purpose to investigate the impact of emmet's theory on biology.
falling in love is one thing; getting married is another.
she's not yet heard the news.
look at that building.
he is addressed as "doctor" in his laboratory.
this road is too narrow for cars to pass.
she attracted our attention.
a wedding is a significant ceremony.
young and old went to battle.
she went to the hospital yesterday.
have you ever climbed mt. aso?
he entered junior high school.
the island is cut off far from the mainland.
she watched over her mother all night.
the following is what he told me.
as he was tired, he was lying on the sofa with his eyes closed.
let's split the reward fifty-fifty.
how is your mother?
don't worry, i'll help you. just take it easy.
that's the way the cookie crumbles.
some people are rather proud of being ignorant of such an important matter.
i had no choice but to read it out to them.
the door was locked from within.
she looked as though she had seen a ghost.
i pricked my thumb with a needle.
jimmy is easy for me to get along with.
i will go out if he comes here.
today, the temperature rose as high as 30 degrees celsius.
he has never been heard of since.
i am staying for another few weeks.
can you mail these for me?
my grandfather was quite a learned man for his time and place but he just wasn't cut out to be a businessman.
she celebrated her fifteenth birthday yesterday.
he ate a box of chocolates.
he is at the doctor for influenza.
keep an eye on my bag while i buy a ticket.
age brandy in oak casks.
the dancer's graceful action charmed the audience.
she doesn't study as hard as her sister.
whenever you visit him, you will find him playing video games.
scientists regard the discovery as important.
i have had more than enough.
he had made good as a singer and he became very popular.
there's a beautiful bridge over the pond.
i rid the garden of the weeds.
do you go shopping every day?
mind your own business!
when dinner was over, we adjourned to the sitting room.
you can see a lot of stars in the sky.
they moved farther away from the fire.
i'm glad to know you.
her consciousness grew fainter as death approached.
he went to paris, which is the capital of france.
i'm sorry, but he is out now.
she immediately blushes in his presence.
he is wanting in courtesy.
he is not a man to tell a lie.
they hurried to their father's rescue.
the abominable snowman is a himalayan monster.
they are to hold a party tonight.
they are great masterpieces of european art.
let's not waste time.
i played tennis after i studied.
you cannot tame a wolf.
you will understand it as time passes.
there isn't time to explain in detail.
i met her on my way to school.
i spend money as soon as i get it.
mr potter keeps himself in good condition by going jogging every day.
carol gets up early every morning.
the old man lost the will to live.
he tried to open the box in vain.
the girl lifted the heavy box with one hand.
i'd love to dance with you.
i had hardly finished my meal when my friend phoned me and invited me out for dinner.
it's entirely up to you which one you may choose.
will you show me what you bought yesterday?
suddenly, i heard someone singing near by.
the matter was settled in his absence.
how long does it take by car?
this is all my carry-on baggage.
about how many days will it take to get there?
do you believe in god?
ann has just finished writing her report.
the man reading a book over there is my father.
i bumped into an old friend for the first time in ten years on the shinkansen the other day.
while the birth rate is intended to be decreased in developing countries, that of developed nations is selfishly planned to be increased, resulting in the difficulty of getting mutual consent.
curry and rice is her favorite food.
you did not come to school yesterday.
where did you go to in japan?
what is the area of this house?
urgent business prevented him from coming.
the trees are barren or bear only small fruit.
i have enjoyed reading this novel.
she felt her heart turn over in her chest.
amy wants something new to wear.
smoke was rising from the chimney.
she was set on quitting.
this computer is second to none in quality.
the greater the genius, the longer it takes the world to find it out and understand it.
i believe him to be a man of ability.
the man, in short, is not to be trusted.
the train ran off the tracks.
i can't turn the shower off. could you check it for me?
it was snowing thick and fast.
now talking about sex is no blushing affair.
we call the mountain tsurugidake.
have you ever eaten turkey?
as soon as he entered the classroom, our teacher burst into angry speech.
i started to make stew.
kim is living with ken.
how did you arrive at such a conclusion?
there is no bus service to the village.
the warm weather will bring the fruit trees into blossom soon.
his remark has nothing to do with the subject.
these types of books have almost no value.
the teacher, waving his hand, called to me.
he caught a nasty cold because he stayed up late last night.
please feel free to link to my page.
his new book is planned to appear next month.
you may be right.
he's not the man he was before he got married.
on finishing university, i started working right away.
he is in bad health because he walked in the rain.
mary is lacking in delicacy.
i've nothing to give.
what a good tennis player tony is!
this melody is familiar to many japanese.
i heard the door open.
his success came of long years of perseverance.
they don't allow us to go to disco.
i make it a rule to go to a spa at intervals for a change.
he is an irishman by origin.
a population policy should be considered on the international viewpoint so as to balance the interests of both sides.
the learned are apt to despise the ignorant.
mr colcott came to like japanese food.
this car is superior to that.
he turned back halfway.
does nancy have to do her homework now?
he wants to be a scientist in the future.
i can't lend you this book.
look at the tall pretty girl standing there.
the patient's life was in danger.
the skin gradually took on a healthier look.
we are very grateful for what you did.
the conference was cloaked in secrecy.
you have only to play a role.
there are so many things to tell you that i don't know where to start.
our school library has many books.
someone called on her yesterday.
the mayor governed the city very wisely.
on my way home, i met him.
he is very much interested in japanese history.
he thought of a good solution.
i got him to clean my room.
she planned a birthday dinner for her cousin.
mary was not worthy of your trust.
i bought two dozen pencils.
she was robbed of the handbag that she had bought last week.
you'll find this map very useful.
this is the place where the battle of hastings took place.
i enjoyed watching tv yesterday.
you shouldn't go to work.
the government has increased its financial aid to the developing nations.
january is the first month of the year.
i crossed the river by boat.
her mother was busy cooking the dinner.
she answered easily.
we are busy preparing for our wedding and honeymoon.
i was born in osaka.
there's nothing to be afraid of.
recently numerous groups have offered counsel.
you can stay here till the snow stops.
it took me five hours to drive from here to tokyo.
we were held up for half an hour in the traffic and so we arrived late.
"i understand how you feel, hiroshi," says mike.
having done my homework, i could finally watch television.
i'm exhausted.
i go to school by bus.
he worked far into the night.
he set down the telephone number.
the two languages have a lot in common.
i availed myself of the chance to go there.
she took a deep breath and then started to talk about herself.
i wanted to meet and talk with the girl at the window.
tony is a very good tennis player.
reading is not less necessary to our mind than food is to our body.
he represented his class at the meeting.
he is independent of his parents.
he started after he had a cup of coffee.
the earth is small compared with the sun.
he was way behind on his rent. as a result, he was evicted from his apartment.
we go to the same school.
he is as grave as a judge.
we often hear it said that ants are social animals.
i went to shikoku to visit my uncle.
you find koalas in australia.
some people don't believe in any religion.
the success resulted from your efforts.
she has scorn for me.
rows of houses, each of them different and pleasing with their spacious gardens, are replaced by purely functional blocks of flats which have nothing more to commend them than over-praised 'modern conveniences'.
she managed to finish the work on her own.
did you know that he bought a condominium?
i can't help thinking of the future.
i will write to you soon.
just imagine traveling to the moon.
fingerprints left in the room proved the murderer's guilt.
she can't control her emotions.
do not look too much to others for help.
i wish i had more time to talk with her.
this survey is too long to finish quickly.
all the snow on the mountain has disappeared.
you can't lift the piano.
he was sure of his work's accomplishment.
i doubt if bob will come to my birthday party.
i want to have this letter registered.
he hung up before i could say anything.
don't put the cart before the horse.
we're confident that you are up to the challenge of the new position.
the plan was put into operation.
my uncle guaranteed my debts.
she looks happiest when she is with him.
mr johnson is, as it were, a walking dictionary.
sharon must be a go-getter.
she came to know the fact.
it cost him five pounds to buy it back.
it was announced that the meeting would be put off.
may i use the shoe polish?
according to the newspaperman, it makes life worthwhile, doesn't it?
you may take either of the books.
i am leaving japan tomorrow morning.
he could get over every difficulty.
i can not buy spare parts for this car.
at best we can only hope for a small profit.
i could hardly understand him.
do you know that hotel?
his manner partakes of insolence.
spiders always weave their webs in three dimensions.
i didn't go out for fear of catching cold.
hurry up, and you will be in time for school.
all the seats are occupied.
don't hesitate to ask for information.
such a thing occurs frequently.
if it's convenient come here tonight.
i wish that noise would stop. it gets on my nerves.
i have left my umbrella in a bus.
i have feeling in my legs.
we made a promise to meet the next week.
you will just have to do with what you've got.
he backed his car into the garage.
i'll water the garden.
as long as you won't face the truth, you will cry in vain.
he tends to place more stress on society in general than on individual.
an elephant was hunted there.
it may be said that a man is known by the company he keeps.
the origin of the universe will probably never be explained.
at the time, japan was faced with a host of diplomatic problems.
do you accept amex?
the clown made a funny face.
i found the book by accident.
i always use the steps, but...it's scary how they wobble...so i'd like you to hold them steady.
practice is as important as theory, but we are apt to value the latter and despise the former.
i hope to build a new house next year.
the teacher wrote french words on the blackboard.
he's only a boy, but he is very thoughtful.
the hostess couldn't possibly put up with his arrogance.
in short, all our efforts resulted in nothing.
a misfortune befell him.
call me up at seven in the morning.
it is very cold today, isn't it?
i sometimes put a little salt in it.
she is unable to cope with stress.
i suffer from depression during the wintertime.
he ordered me to go alone.
now he has nothing to live for.
every child needs someone to look up to and copy.
she substituted margarine for butter.
i will accomplish my purpose at any cost.
how well can you play guitar?
needless to say he is one of the best writers of the present generation.
who wrote this book?
i came near to getting involved in a crime.
do you have any grounds for thinking so?
many european people are aware of environmental problems.
i thought i was a fairly good swimmer.
our team won their match yesterday.
the room looks different after i've changed the curtains.
it will not be long before we can know the truth of the matter.
the kid is clanging away with his toy.
i could recite the story by heart.
the patient is out of danger now.
may i ask you a question?
my nose was very runny.
i make several allusions to the bible.
cities are designated on this map as red dots.
soon ripe, soon rotten.
bring it back when you are through.
i went to nagano to take pictures of the mountains covered with snow.
at least they should have a map.
he has acted wisely.
she went to italy to study music.
for that reason, temporary workers are working under inferior conditions.
the car turned abruptly.
once you have made a promise, you must keep it.
taxation is based on income.
we played all together.
the sun is the brightest star.
the author translated the fairy tale into our mother tongue.
i'd like to marry a girl who likes to play video games.
ah, hold a mo. my shoe lace's come undone.
he worked too hard, and became sick.
she has not come here yet. i am afraid she may have lost her way.
i am not sure how to pronounce the word.
even a child knows right from wrong.
a car was coming in this direction.
the major result from recent investigations of emmet's theory has been that it can be applied to biochemistry as well.
you put far too much pepper in it.
i put down a rug under my desk.
our class is a small one.
you have only to follow the directions.
the thing blocking my path was a stone wall of less than 1 meter's height.
i'm sorry to have kept you waiting so long.
first of all, it is too expensive.
which side is winning this time?
this is the best restaurant that i know.
i cannot but admire him.
i like english best.
what is the total amount?
all of us stared at her; she had changed so much.
he was in his home in cambridge, england.
when we have a family argument, my husband always sides with his mother instead of me.
business is at last beginning to pick up.
one must do one's best in everything.
he was about to call her up, when her letter came.
the task absorbed all his energies.
the birds fluttered away at the noise.
i haven't seen much of him recently.
his grandfather lives on an allowance from his son.
i do want to go with you.
a shot rang out.
he always keeps his word.
i hope to see his picture soon.
people communicate approval by nodding, by clapping their hands, by smiling or laughing.
the deer darted off in alarm.
a bad cold confined her to her bed.
her work is superior to mine.
don't let the pan boil dry.
he is by no means wanting in courage.
if i knew it, i would tell it to you.
take two aspirin tablets.
he is quite indifferent to money.
did you notice her new dress?
what are nabemono like?
he was compelled to resign on account of ill health.
a swallow flies very swiftly.
meg cleared her desk.
i greatly appreciate your advice.
i want you to be the next soseki.
the pupils listened eagerly during his speech.
she bore up well under unfavorable circumstances.
i'm on good terms with the neighbors.
the teacher went on talking for two hours.
our city is rather small in comparison with tokyo.
the talks continued for two days.
even with his glasses, he doesn't see very well.
she takes part in many school activities.
i'm bleeding badly.
he was somewhat disappointed to hear the news.
there's a long line at every cash register.
had he worked harder, he could have succeeded.
i have some things in the hotel safe.
i studied for a while this morning.
i informed him of the result.
hanson is wrong when he states international economic developments led to great migrations of labour in the seventeenth century.
may i exchange this shirt for a smaller size?
she will come if you ask her.
he drinks like a fish.
my daughter lost almost all the coins she had collected.
he deals in whiskey.
after supper, she cleared the table.
teach me some kanji, please.
it pays to be polite.
it never occurred to me that he might fail his friend.
help yourself to more cookies.
they always find fault with others.
she turned against her old friend.
that wouldn't be the house we're looking for, surely.
either you or i have to go there.
he emphasized the importance of working hard.
i hope you will answer me soon.
i decided not to go to europe.
it took me three weeks to get over the flu.
he has an uncontrollable temper.
there is no relation between characters appearing, organisations and places to those that really exist.
our thinking is flexible.
there is a threat of rain in the dark sky.
it is impossible for you to jump two meters high.
where did you get this photo taken?
my hobby is skiing.
i am quite ready for payment.
i was admiring his new car.
i'll be busy tomorrow.
i asked my teacher what to do next.
someone was calling my name.
jack explained to me how to change the wheel of the car.
i find no shame in asking questions.
she recovered from her long illness.
i have lost face completely.
it is possible for us to do addition very quickly.
i am looking for my glasses.
his wife bore him two daughters and a son.
forget about that right now.
he went through many hardships in his youth.
i was beaten up by a gang of hoodlums on the way home from work.
he behaved like a child.
a black limo rounded the corner with a squeal of tires.
he kept me waiting for an hour.
the news dashed our hopes.
she was taken care of by one of her friends.
if long-term beds are reduced, then it won't be possible to do that and normal sickbeds will also be adversely affected.
the results of the research were quite satisfactory.
those mountains over there have turned white this morning.
poor as he is, he is happy.
the buildings look so tiny.
my father trained me not as a man or a woman, but as a performer.
have you got any plans?
he can run faster than i.
i'll take a glass of champagne.
i am glad to hear the news.
to my knowledge, this chemical will prevent germs from breeding.
after i got married, my japanese got better and i could understand more.
she has totally changed her character.
the dog is absorbed in his exercise.
he contemplated their plan.
his face is known to many people.
she is paralyzed in both legs.
he carries his umbrella about with him every day.
i have a dog.
walk three more blocks and you will find the museum on your left.
how long has ken lived in kobe?
according to the paper, there was an earthquake last night.
they remained friends.
i am the last to believe such a thing.
i have been to london twice.
i was determined to fulfill my duties at any cost.
he said to himself that he should go.
may i try this on?
what the devil are you doing?
he remained silent.
he was thinking about his work with his eyes closed.
it will hurt a little, but not much.
good for you.
it rained heavily, and consequently the baseball game was called off.
the expense will fall on him.
the speaker referred to his notes every few minutes.
i am not good at sports.
from now on, you'll have to take care of yourself.
i was brought up under rigid discipline.
there was a car accident yesterday.
don't be so hard on your son.
some of my classmates like volleyball and others enjoy tennis.
health is not valued until sickness comes.
she usually talks about her late husband.
our car pulled uphill.
i went there by bus and train.
she has brown eyes.
let me help you. your bag looks very heavy.
what made her do so?
a woman was driving a car on a country road.
a new treatment for hepatitis is being studied.
japan has to import most of its raw materials.
there's no rush. if you would, in your own time.
i must put my ideas together before i take up a pen.
my mother was once a champion swimmer.
she was brushing her hair in front of a mirror.
let's keep our design dark for a short time.
when it comes to snoring, no one can top mr snore.
the two factions gang up with each other.
why don't you be quiet?
i tried to call him up, but the line was busy.
it might not freeze tonight.
don't leave the water running.
that bridge is anything but safe.
you will come to like this kind of music.
i should have known better than to believe him.
the assignment was too much for me.
they chased the man to arrest him.
that mine has shut down.
he has suffered through a long period of illness.
the zoo in our city is large and new.
i'm sure he is guilty of the murder.
i can't swim.
mrs. lee is a great talker.
i believe men are basically good.
can you do this problem?
i intend to study abroad in america next year.
i am short of money.
he fell under the suspicion of the police.
they have to live on his small income.
promotion was an incentive to harder work.
music makes our life happy.
second thoughts are best.
can i take books out?
do i have to go right now?
the teacher found a pupil cheating in the examination.
everywhere he went, he taught love, patience, and most of all, non-violence.
man's skin is very sensitive to temperature changes.
keep an eye on the baby for a while.
the truck bumped into a car.
he speaks japanese well.
the new school building is expected to be completed by spring next year.
don't thrust your knife into the cheese.
cats usually hate dogs.
i don't want to let my emotions out.
the diet will adjourn for three months.
we have a lot of assignments for the summer vacation.
when they got to the station, the train had already left.
he is a boy of singular intelligence.
she's feeling much better thanks to that medical treatment.
i lived in osaka until i was six.
he stayed there during the vacation.
he is too young to benefit from firm discipline.
he was visibly nervous.
i interviewed a lady who works to protect the environment.
up to now, only five guests have arrived.
i belong to the karate club.
this is a story about stars.
he gets along badly with his boss.
is everything okay?
it will be snowing in hokkaido now.
ahh ... well i was young but what a stupid mistake.
you have to blast your way out.
we see things differently, according to whether we are rich or poor.
he became known as a doctor.
you are always doubting my word.
we are so busy we'll take any help we can get.
the bird quivered its wings.
his boosterism makes it sound wonderful but i wonder if he understands how hard it's going to be to actually carry out.
he is not a friend, but an acquaintance.
is this snake safe to touch?
it takes a great deal of practice to master a foreign language.
he loved her very much.
if you cannot make full remittance, please get in touch with me by october 28, 1998.
young people like his books.
most japanese take a bath every day.
it is easy for me to play tennis.
the small boys rang the door bell and ran away.
"sue's very angry with you," my new waitress said.
after this he went down to capernaum with his mother and brothers and his disciples.
this hotel does not take dogs.
"you look pale. are you sick?" "not exactly."
they must have known it all along.
you shall have my answer tomorrow.
we found it hard to change the plan.
why will you not listen to reason?
it seems that no one knew the truth.
the music evokes memories of an earlier time.
her story reminded me of the good old days.
i threw the rope and she caught hold of it.
i want to be somebody when i grow up.
a sponge absorbs water.
children are quick to accustom themselves to new surroundings.
how many times do you have to go to the dentist?
science has made rapid progress in this century.
she has come to know something like love.
she became rich by virtue of hard work and good business sense.
i would walk in the woods when i was a boy.
did i hurt your feelings? i meant no harm.
we walked about five miles.
he proposed to the young woman.
be it ever so humble, there's no place like home.
i like him in that he is honest and candid.
she is inquisitive, but i like her none the worse.
mr smith spoke so fast i couldn't take in what he said.
please let me know the schedule beforehand.
our aim is that, when planning classes, we know how to select stimulating material for the students and how to put it into use.
he established a friendly relationship with the natives.
we must keep up with the times.
your words are supposed to correspond to your actions, but that is not easy to put into practice.
an overwhelming majority voted to abolish the brutal punishment.
has the bell rung?
birds of a feather flock together.
don't try to do two things at a time.
don't you feel cold?
she has a strong personality.
i'll get some glasses.
the addition of salt greatly improved the flavor.
the world did not recognize him.
i'm anxious to see you.
please tell me your location.
the dog is a faithful animal.
mother gives my sister two thousand yen every month.
i had nothing to do with that incident.
it is said that prices are going to rise again.
fred looked after the child who had no parents until that child graduated from college.
are you on the committee?
unfortunately, there was no one around.
he is such a bad person that everybody dislikes him.
john laid claim to the painting.
when do you leave here?
the kettle must be boiling.
he carried a joke too far.
when spring arrives, i'm going to take up a new sport.
he is not economically independent of his parents.
i didn't mean to put that on there.
it's too difficult for me.
they talked about love.
i bought this camera for 35,000 yen.
they have been cheated of the best things that life has to offer.
this wheat is made into flour.
was anybody else absent?
he is a man you can rely upon.
i do want to do the sights of kyoto.
beth told chris to bathe or she will not agree to date him.
americans eat a lot of meat.
i can't make head or tail of those directions.
the soldiers got to the foot of the hill before dawn.
night coming on, people began to get home.
last year, he spent three months at sea.
you may leave when you have finished the work.
the criminal didn't let the hostages go.
bob can no more swim than a hammer can.
do you have any smaller sizes?
discipline is rather mild at this school.
i broke down the door because i lost the key.
he can play tennis better than any other boy in his class.
do not punish the girl severely; go easy on her.
the dog's hair bristled up with anger.
she studies mathematics.
john is envious of your new car.
he is making great progress in english.
captains have responsibility for ship and crew.
has he come yet?
he is anxious to see you.
the effect of the medicine was amazing.
see to it that the door is locked at 10.
i can't endure that noise a moment longer.
is your father about yet?
there was broken glass on top of the wall.
what does the special taste like?
the earthquake which caused the disaster occurred in 1995.
what do you think is the most popular sport in japan?
they saw a cat climbing up the tree.
i had to make up for three other employees, who were laid off yesterday.
so long, have a good time.
she was now out of danger.
he made a bargain with them about the furniture.
he exploited his position to build up his fortune.
i lead a happy life.
my brother has joined the baseball club.
we have found him of whom moses in the law and also the prophets wrote, jesus of nazareth, the son of joseph.
give me a glass of milk.
she saw a tall man yesterday.
she was fatter ten years ago than she is now.
but it was not successful for long because everyone, even religious people, had a strong attraction to the game.
what a beautiful garden you have!
what a good speaker of english you are!
this is my bag.
this machine does not run well.
your help is indispensable for the success of the scheme.
my friend has a large family.
how many times do you go to the beach to swim in the summer?
he just drones on and on but hardly even touches on what we need to know for the test.
she hit upon a good idea.
any doubts about the validity of this argument are promptly forgotten once we see the data.
i taught miyuki how to keep a dog indoors.
he referred his success to the good teaching he had had.
he hardly studies chemistry.
facts are to science what words are to the poets.
there are lots of jellyfish in the ocean in september.
i feel very feverish.
if you are to succeed, you must try harder.
i was very glad that she took my side.
the sweater is made of pure wool.
the governor was surprised by the commission's response.
we are acquainted with his family.
all the boys enjoyed skiing.
a helicopter is able to take off and land straight up and down.
his voice was drowned by the yells.
my hobby is shopping.
they left the camp early in the morning, arriving in the town before noon.
she is a poor cook.
the beach is swarming with people.
say hello to your father for me.
you are kind to say so.
his face lighted up with joy.
man has a great capacity to adapt to environmental changes.
he was kind enough to take me to the hospital.
there was enough food at the party for everyone to have some.
i bought this bicycle dirt-cheap.
my uncle went to sea at 18.
the hungry boys made for the restaurant.
that picture does not do justice to him.
i wouldn't do that if i were you.
i bet he doesn't make it.
she writes to her parents once a week.
there is one thing i look back on with regret.
the building fell down suddenly.
everyone burst into laughter.
she attained the age of eighty one.
the single pipeline serves all the house with water.
it is believed that mr jones is a good teacher.
he finished the opening.
will you stay at home?
mike wore an indignant look.
the girl snapped up the package and pointed to a little old man standing beside her.
no other dog is bigger than this.
i don't mean to challenge your theory.
can you make out what he is trying to say?
he did not walk into the gym.
i tried to run fast.
the baseball game ended in a draw.
you have only to go with me.
this lady witnessed an accident at three o'clock this afternoon.
we were ordered away without any explanation.
jimmy was hurt in a traffic accident.
we are getting older day by day.
he left japan at the end of the year.
he could not rest until he knew the truth.
let's take a rest in the shade.
answer me this. did you see her there?
she has the large house to herself.
i admire his skill at driving.
our world is only a small part of the universe.
you always talk back to me, don't you?
let well enough alone.
he has a reputation for taking a long time to make a decision.
they had better have kept their mouths shut.
i'd like a twin room, please.
the time when mankind is free from hunger is yet to come.
grapes grow in bunches.
we deposit money in a bank.
jet planes fly much faster than propeller planes.
his mother has been running a drugstore for fifteen years.
a perfect knowledge of a few writers and a few subjects is more valuable than a superficial one of a great many.
your knowledge surprises me.
there is no place like home.
i heard someone calling me from a distance.
he is leaving in three days.
without your aid, i couldn't have succeeded.
department stores sell numerous things.
all is completed with this.
those present were, for the most part, students.
i reckon we'll see him once more.
his brave deeds brought him a medal.
he got angry with his brother.
the joints of the chair were loose.
there is nothing useless in nature.
she accepted our invitation.
the ambassador was recalled from warsaw.
your business is flourishing, i hear.
the train was about to leave the station.
the young man is quite suited for the position.
i don't like any of these records.
before he went fishing, he dug up some worms for bait.
don't forget the fact that smoking is bad for your health.
"don't cry," she said.
what is more, he has a strong will.
all will go except you.
above all, you must help each other.
i can't read french, nor can i speak it.
the baby is no bigger than this doll.
we are going to make a test of the engine tomorrow.
at first, he could not speak english at all.
the girl was badly injured in the traffic accident.
my wife holds the purse strings in our family.
the driver turned the wheel to the right.
she saw the shabby little house, but she didn't hurry by.
i found his new novel very dull. i don't think he is much of a writer.
it sounds as if the government doesn't know what to do.
what was the implication of his remark?
you'll see the store on your left.
advertising makes up about 7% of this company's expenses.
bourbon is made from corn.
how are you getting along these days?
he came back after two hours.
he was the leader of the great expedition.
i cared little for his opinion.
he was in critical condition.
if it rains tomorrow, i will stay at home.
he was reading a newspaper in his shirt sleeves.
i sighed with relief to hear it.
you are young boys.
he must finish his homework today.
i want to ask you a big favor.
i don't know where he comes from.
our plane was flying over the pacific ocean.
he took his place at the foot of the table.
nothing beats a big glass of beer in summer.
about dinner time, rev. king was on the balcony outside his room.
i was persuaded to stop smoking.
we were all assailed with fears.
farmers rebelled against the government.
please remind me to phone him tomorrow.
being kind, he is loved by everyone.
all humanity will suffer if a nuclear war breaks out.
this book is of great use to us.
she is handsome rather than beautiful.
i can eat anything but onions.
be it ever so humble, there's no place like home.
to tell the truth, i'm tired of violent movies.
you've read through the book, haven't you?
i like neither of them.
we must not break our promise.
be sure to drop in to see us tomorrow evening.
he failed in the examination for lack of preparation.
she went to the movies by herself.
he stopped playing baseball last season.
it is important for everything to be ready by monday.
we spoke to no purpose.
it matters not how a man dies, but how he lives.
when you read a book you should read between the lines.
write down your date of birth here.
tom has been going with jane for almost a year now.
it's ideal weather for a picnic.
her crying is just an act. don't take it seriously.
we'll look into the case at once.
the clock is wrong.
please be sure to give my best regards to your father.
people suffered heavy losses in the eruptions.
her long hair was completely wet.
i object to being treated like that.
she has just finished washing dishes.
could we have a fork?
donations to philanthropic programs are tax-exempt.
when it rains, she feels blue.
the river runs through the town.
